luajit: bump new version (#11063)
tarantool/tarantool: changelogs/unreleased/gh-10709-luajit-fixes.md

## bugfix/luajit

Backported patches from the vanilla LuaJIT trunk (gh-10709). The following
issues were fixed as part of this activity:

* Fixed compilation of `getmetatable()` for `io` objects.
* Fixed dirty reads from recorded `IR_NOP`.
* Fixed fusing optimization across `table.clear()` or insertion of a new key.

> * Disabled FMA optimization on aarch64 to avoid incorrect results in floating

Reviewer: aarch64 -- похоже на опечатку (arch64?)

Author: No, aarch64 is the 64-bit state introduced in the [Armv8-A architecture](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ARM_architecture_family#Armv8-A). It may be written as AArch64, or aarch64, or arm64.

>   point arithmetic. They may be enabled for the JIT engine via the command

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  point arithmetics. Optimization may be enabled for the JIT engine via the command
```

Author: Fixed, thanks!
